add catalog api news (#289)
eu-cdse/documentation: APIs.md

The OpenSearch catalogue allows you to search through Copernicus data using a standardized web service. Search can be performed based on multiple attributes such as collection, spatial extent, time range, metadata. Orders can be based
on the data collection, area, time range or any other selection criteria available in the search APIs

### Catalog APIs news
This section provides the detailed information about upcoming changes and the changelog of the implemented updates. The releases include all APIs interfaces. To avoid disruption to your scripts or apps, we recommend reviewing the upcoming changes and the latest release notes described below.

> #### 1. [Upcoming changes](APIs/UpcomingChanges.qmd)
> Upcoming changes to be implemented to Catalog APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Upcoming Changes
We've put together a list of potential updates related to OpenSearch and the OData API as of September 2023. ou can find a detailed comparison of these changes [here](APIs/UpcomingChanges.qmd).
```

> 
> #### 2. [Release notes](APIs/ReleaseNotes.qmd)
> Release notes of the Catalog APIs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### 2. Release notes
The [release notes document](APIs/ReleaseNotes.qmd) provides you with a comprehensive list of modifications made to the Catalog APIs for every release.
```

Reviewer: Additionally, I assume content is still left to be included in the release file

> We've put together a list of potential updates related to OpenSearch and the OData API as of September 2023. ou can find a detailed comparison of these changes [here](APIs/UpcomingChanges.qmd).

Reviewer 2: 'ou' typo?

Author: Fixed in: https://github.com/eu-cdse/documentation/pull/289/commits/e8003b3bf806acfa1158985ef7e9012bcdac4ca8
